What's good MacArthur Park I'll tell you what's extra good I got very good news for
you Harmontown is now in session we've got guests we've got there's a dog act
coming out we've got all sorts of stuff but let's start with the important
ingredients your game master your friend your mentor and guru Spencer
Christendon when I sense it why indeed how about let's bring out a mayor it
ain't a town without a mayor we have a mayor's name is Dan Harmon hello I'm so
excited about our guest I was like dog do I have to go do the show I want to keep
talking to my guest but I'll talk to her out here it's been a while thanks you
guys are for it for coming we've been apart for a while I missed you yeah I
heard you had heard you've been having pee pee trouble yeah I got I got I got I
got what appears to be some kind of bladder infection it's alright it's
alright I did what I had to do to get the meds today like I this it was this
morning I was like this is it you know I would you ladies know I was already a
feminist but boy golly these UTIs like I now what I now is if I needed more
reason to respect what you go through Jeff statistically women get more UTIs
than men I knew that their pee holes are closer to their butt holes that's not
why Dan that's not why also the other side of the gender spectrum is a
horrendous filthy animal that always plunges yeah okay there's a million
reasons but they get more UTIs and I too if you had described to me on paper like
oh there's a thing where you feel like you have to take a pee really bad but
all the time forever no matter how much you pee you keep feeling like you have
to pee I'd be like grow up that's not even a disease that sounds fun I'd pay
money to experience that at like a theme park that sounds like an escape room to
me bring it on I'd love to feel what it feels like to have to pee all the time I
experienced it for three hours this morning and I was like Rick and word
he's canceled I can't I'm gonna kill myself and I'm gonna take the gun that I
reassembled after I bought it and I'm gonna just I don't even have to point it
at my head to kill myself because as we established it's probably poorly
reassembled by a liberal and I it'll just blow up in my hand and I'll bleed
out because I don't know how to do anything at least of all handle a UTI and
my intrepid assistant Steve Levy did exactly what I commanded him to do which
is I don't care what you have to do find me a doctor that will look at my dick
today immediately and he found one I know a couple and God bless this guy's
heart I mean it's like if you're gonna see a doctor same day you're not you're
not seeing like the same doctor that they're not sending their best the
medical community is sending their best in the in the sort of like Katrina sandbag
sense of like like like whether they're like I mean it's it's like they're
there it's like you're gonna you're gonna end up in an office with somebody
that's like like this guy gave me a whole speech after he asked me about my
dick for a bunch of times it's like it was really heartwarming it was like by
the way I know you have another doctor and you're here because you know I was
the one that could see right away but the thing is if you did want to be you know
it's sort of like a courtship like thing or is like but not because he wasn't
like trying to swindle me into being his patient he was more telling me in a
really sweet way he's like look if it's a Monday a Wednesday or a Friday and
it's between these hours you can walk in here ask any of my other patients if
you're the first one in you the first one I'll see those other three days I'm
working in urgent care I do this all I say is like you're a little sweetheart
you're a little sweetheart but you don't care about my dick right not in the way
that I a guy who like spent three hours in discomfort and who webmd it I know
exactly what I want I'm like bitch I gave you a cup of pee here's what you're
gonna do you're gonna analyze it tell me what beasties are in it he dipped a
thing in it he's like there's blood in your ear and I'm like visibly to the
naked eye is like no I put a thing in it I'm like okay so talk to me get blood
in the pee pee that is blood in the pee pee but only detectable by a litmus strip
not not you know that visible blood yeah I'm not blood urine shaming anyone out
there who has visible blood in their urine like I'm down with everyone I went
in and I'm like she has gotten off to a zooming start I just I told the guy I'm
like the guy goes look how old are you I'm like I don't know a million years
old I'm a million years old like I know what questions are coming next by the
way they ask you you fill the forms I don't want to complain I don't think
they look at the forms look at the forms not only don't they look at the
forms even the people that don't look at the forms they don't even talk to the
people that haven't yet looked at the forms and they and even though they ask
you the same fucking questions they're not I don't even think they're writing
them down it seems like it would be a great step to look at those forms before
it comes in God damn forms like my address is on your fucking clipboard a
thousand times right I like two orderlies came in and we're like yeah
like is your dad divorced does he have a fungus in his foot I'm like I'm like I'm
like there was I watched the data get shuffled there was like like the doctor
eventually it's like and when did your dad die I'm like he never died like you
guys just keep asking the same questions I'm trying to answer them as fast as
possible I got two parents I got some brothers and sisters I don't smoke
anymore I drink a lot I never hydrate I'm a fucking walking time bomb my dick
burns I read on the internet it probably means I got so UTI all right it's true
so so the guy was like but the guy was like he's like he's like yeah you know
hey you know what do you it sounds like you drink a lot more coffee than you used
to and you never had any water since like Clinton and like you know he's got
you know he's a good guy and he's like if we were in a world of socialized
medicine this is the guy you want because he's not gonna immediately prescribe
me something right I want the prescription my dick hurts but he's
like you know come on you're 46 you know that's so much coffee you know sometimes
you irritate your bladder is he is your doctor but it's your daughter yeah so I
go I go okay all right that sounds great doctor but what it is there an
antibiotic that like if I took it and I didn't have a bacterial infection in my
dick hole would it kill me no do you want you want that yes I do yeah yeah it
is there anything how many tests can you run on the cup of pee I gave you with my
broken dick well we could do this and do it do them all I'm not gonna know them
by name do them all do all that is there a lab yes there's a lab upstairs I'll
send it to the lab well that's gonna say yeah I don't get sent it don't send the
pee to everything give me all the shit and then I as I was walking out I'm like
by the way is this the shit you scribbled on a fucking magic thing that's
gonna make the thing downstairs make give me a bottle of pills is that the thing
that makes your pee orange that also makes you not feel like you have to be
oh no no that's just a painkiller do you want that too yes yes okay can I be a
doctor now I did so much today I did so much diagnosis I sent so many things to
so many labs I diagnosed myself I prescribed myself I gave myself a
prognosis by the way I've got like five years left to live like I did all I can
I can I just can I have more money that's like a lot of people have that
unfortunate experience they call it like you got to be your own health advocate
or some such which just means like the doctor don't give a fuck yeah but I do
think I mean I walked out of there thinking like I wanted to be outraged
but then I gave it a second thought and I was like well wait a minute you'd be
you'd be more outraged if you're Beverly Hills doctor like if you went in
with an itchy dick and he was like well just to be careful we should do all
these eight million things right you'd be outraged for that reason yeah it's a
I have a doctor who's pretty good about like just being like hey I think I think
I need a cough syrup and it'll be like oh okay if you say so it feels great
because I just like I just go in it's like a store it didn't feel like a
gateway it was like like like when you realize in in Stardew Valley that you
can build the greenhouse you know it's like oh shit I can grow like cantaloupe
in the winter can I tell you something that happened to me about three days
ago that's pretty important to me all right okay I mean you're going through
some medical woes right now yeah well before I go on are you feeling better
are you recovering I feel great I'm on some weird pill that makes your piss
orange and like makes you never feel like you have to pee I might be pissing
my pants right now with orange piss yes well you should always wear blue pants
because they're complementary colors and you have so well well done all right
tell us what you got I went to a wedding I was invited by mutual friends of lots
of people here Brandon and I and leather people are Jesse Schwartz invited to a
celebrity wedding on the Isle of Catalina it was a three-day affair and I
thought if we're gonna do this let's do it right and let's take the chopper let's
take the helicopter out of San Pedro I've been to Catalina many times always took
the boat the boat is all right I like the boat but let's take the chopper so we
get to the San Pedro chopper place it's not what it's called and we get they get
our bags and these two young guys who are certainly high now they were late I
called it my travel agent our travel agent like there's nobody here and they
she got online with the people like they like to take a late lunch these two
dudes come in young guys and they have burgers and burritos and they're stoned
they like to take out my first question was you guys aren't the pilots I hope
and they're like that yeah you chop will be here in a minute he's coming in
we're like okay so the chopper comes in they take our bags we're walking out
there and it's a big-ass chopper there and it's it's exciting I like
helicopters and the guy holding my bag says he turns to us and says hey if you
guys ever seen the the musical movie grease the wait wait that is that how we
phrased it have you ever seen the musical movie I certainly have you guys
ever read the novelization back to the future he said have you ever seen
Greece the movie the musical he said okay I wanted to be certain that he
doesn't want to know if I'd saw it like off-broadway as a helicopter pilot he's
aware he's the geographic ambiguities as well have you ever seen Greece who
listen to me yes he's this guy's not I'm taking you to Greece this this this
fellow is the guy that's giving us giving us a very quick safety instruction
and is now taking our bags out to the chopper which is on the pad and the
and the the whirlies are birding I don't know how you say it and I'm excited
Jesse's excited we're going on a trip to a celebrity wedding and and age he's
gonna be there it's gonna be whatever wedding you would do I hope they're
proud of being a celebrity wedding I want I want to have a celebrity wedding
oh wait I did and then I got divorced all right don't don't have a celebrity
wedding they're not they don't anyway it was a fancy pants wedding let's say
that at least so we're gonna go out there fancy pants down now here's this
beautiful like f-star or four-star or something star chopper and the guy goes
have you ever seen Greece the movie like yeah and he goes your pilot is Lorenzo
Lamas wait what the fuck that's what I said and so I freak out because I don't
know if any beauty school dropout no no he has he has no lines he has a jock
in it at the end of it but he's also renegade the TV show in the 90s yeah
he's a Golden Globe winner from Falcon crest I guess most importantly he's the
guy that Billy Crystal's doing an impression of when he says you look
marvelous that's Fernando Lamas that oh okay who's his dad Lorenzo Lamas no he
was okay okay he was that he he he yeah he was in like weird like renegade yeah
where he was that you like had a talking he was a he was never talking
spaceship but I'm sure he did but he but he a lot of people back then did and
you know it I believe renegade turned in crooked cops and they framed him for
murder so he and a Native American and a woman go off just to kind of set the
record straight my favorite show favorite show you never saw renegade I want
to know nothing more about it I wore I I just love that it's three people instead
of either two or five that's probably fine he and a Native American and a woman
okay I'm already like in show you I'm gonna show you because it's three people
so it's always gonna be kind of weird I did a screen grab what we took the lift
here I have a screen grab of the poster or like the ad the billboard ad for
renegade and this is gonna ring some bells for you Dan this is important yeah
I'm remembering now I realized the llamas that's yeah oh yeah he was man that
is we'll put it on the social media okay so he you were hanging out with him so
no so wait he flew yeah he flew the fucking captain so we get on the we get
in the chopper there's three in the back I'm one and it's and two other yet like
another young couple that's a weird thing but I'm sorry to cut you up I will
talk about this for the first time on a helicopter yeah so here's the thing like
keep your head down when you get in because there's a thing on top that'll
cut your head off I'm gonna tighten your seatbelt real quick hey by the way do
you like dentistry yeah I do your pilot's a dentist bye like don't leave me
with that thought I don't care how good a dentist I think this guy saw that I was
over 40 and right know who Lorenzo Lamas is I mean I guess he's also seen a
bunch of helicopters that didn't go down so he's comfortable just being like hey
here's a trivial thing your pilot not his first calling but it is later but my
mind's tightening seat belts and doing trivia bye famous people famous people
love being pilots for some reason I read up on it today he loves flying
choppers he flies through the Grand Canyon to fly over New York City but
he's decided even supposed to fly through the Grand Canyon he sounds like a
terrible pilot he was the lowest altitude it's lower than the ground he's
technically crashing he found the only place he can do that without crashing
because he's fucking throwing what's called a helicopter tantrum so we
learning through the Grand Canyon what you're technically doing is crashing and
living we hop on board and we get in the thing and I'm in the backseat with
two others Jesse is in the frenzy and you get the headset with the with the
microphone and and he's and he's getting things talking to the tower you can hear
all the chatter and on your on your headset all the radio communication and
we can all hear each other I coughed into it by accident and you can everybody
could hear me cough so we get up in the air and I go are you are you captain
Lamas and and and he goes yes I am I go it's nice to meet you asking it's nice
to meet you sort he's got shorts on he's tan and he's fucking beautiful he's
absolutely beautiful and I was just hoping that Jesse would just give him
like a handy like something like make it make this count and he's flying and all
I want to do is ask Fernando Lamas questions and I got the calm on and
what's that guy what what what kind of aircraft would fly in here captain and
he's like it's a death star and I don't know something like that a star it's a
death star it's a death star and we're going and you're right over the deck
it's Jurassic Park with the thing without the pelicans flying alongside and
we're going along and I just I'm dying I got to talk to him and the only thing I
said to him the whole flight was said oh hey captain yeah answer that what's our
altitude and he goes 500 and that was it that was it and then we landed and I
thought maybe get a fucking picture with Fernando Fernando Lorenzo Lamas and he
will come out and like he knows that we all want to photo with him because he's
clearly aware that I'm a fan or at least I just want to interrupt with one
thing because it's important you can enter your recovery that's Jeff just
told a celebrity story that didn't end with the celebrity thanking him for
talking to him yeah that was the exact that was so brave for you the exact oh
yeah this is just an unremarkable encounter with a celebrity and you just
took the L I don't this is not easy for me he we land he does a beautiful land
and he landed on a dime and gave you some change and then that's a that is a
really accurate helicopter landed that and then we get out and they go you got
to run off and then take off your safety a harness thing you get like a little
safety pack around you in case you die and he instantly just right out it's
like I'm sorry Angie Harmon's on the set of resilient yeah but also he has to go
solve the murder that he was framed for like yeah yeah yeah you don't know that
it's just good shit and I'm still not over it Lorenzo Lamas flew me to to
Catalina Islands I mean I would be talking about that for a long time
these kids seem to agree let's bring up Brandon Johnson everybody Brandon
Johnson yeah and let's escalate things but first Brandon how's it going how's
your what's it like doing a voice on the Simpsons for like 40 years you know
they they decided let's just let's blow it out with a little Brandon Johnson
talent guess who's disappointed how is it going it's good to have you back it's
good to be here I just stopped by to see what you guys were up to there was a
chance Jeff was gonna be late so I stood there's always stood on the circle I
stood on deck just in case because I was taking the boat back and Patrick
Swayze is dead he's dead hey look man dead men tell no tales that's that's the
problem he was on a ghost ship I'm sorry that's it's import taste he's a
beloved actor that probably all right anyway it's funny you say that because I
did the exact same joke as someone said no he's dead I did the same joke really
is it is just like in our iCloud I guess that's the guy that would be piloted
Patrick Swayze I think I meant Patrick Stewart I was we should have gone with
like like Morgan Freeman anybody like no he's to a he's to a level where you need
that B ish level anyway Brandon how's it going it's so good but let's you I know
what you're saying let's get to it right let's just get to it I was here
just in case y'all know me it's good to see you but yeah let's get to it I really
am enamored with our guest I want her to remember this is a powerful time but
that's also not going to affect my behavior like for instance I'm gonna
I'm not gonna get shitfaced before the show and then fumble everything but I am
I'm I'm look I this is a this is the story of a person who was being made fun
of from childhood for her voice and then through no seeking of her own ended up
being coming incredibly famous for that exact same voice and I would imagine
although we haven't asked her yet I almost think that that voice like may
prohibit her from being in like your average like movies now that are all
made from CG maybe that's one thing we'll ask her about but gotta be one of
the most famous voices we you'll ever hear but also an incredible person
happens to be the the connection here is that she makes like this incredibly
gourmet true crime podcast Dan we hate true crime we hate that you're into it
fuck off it's actually it's actually a show you'd love if you weren't into true
crime also she's she's she's her look let me put it this way her Wikipedia page
I'd trade it in a second it's a good Wikipedia page it's the kind you'd want
if a safe fell on your head and you had her Wikipedia page you'd love it but
all I'm gonna do is ask her questions about Maximum Overdrive please welcome
actress writer performer the activist stateswoman hopefully new friend Yardley
Smith
anywhere you like yeah yeah oh yeah yeah you can move my the metaphor for my
is there any room for this table to have function no there's not in its place
my awareness so let's I want to start with your upbringing because I did go
through your Wikipedia page a little bit first of all thank you for coming
those I don't know who writes them collectively a swarm a swarm it's so
weird and it's weird that you can't go in and edit them yourself I bet you could
if you really wanted to you can't you can't I've tried actually I've tried to
get some stuff off there for a really no it I don't know how it's run there's
there's things on there that just really shouldn't be there it's a hundred percent
true because you used to be the Sultan of Brunei I did yes and I tried to say
it's no longer relevant like fuck off we're keeping it like what is that but
is it do you ever look at yours I haven't in a very long time I haven't I
actually you know it's funny I was reading an article in Vanity Fair or
something and it was an old archived article and it said that I think it was
actually about Jennifer Lopez and it was and Jennifer Lopez was saying oh I
never read interviews about myself and the interviewer was saying in
parentheses PS celebrities always say that and they always read interviews
about themselves that's actually not true it's not true I like I don't read
interviews about myself I rarely rarely listened to interviews I give I never
read reviews anymore I don't read the good or the bad it just doesn't help me
no it's very odd it's odd to be objectified in that way and it can really
well the prophet wears off it can only get you so high yes and then if you're
a responsible person you're like oh I can only go down I think if the if you're
healthy and you're privileged enough to be famous for a certain amount of time I
would expect it to top off where you're like I'm not looking at any of it but
it has the weird effect of like oh I hate my own name I can't I can't like oh I
go to YouTube and I'm like I wish I knew how to build a model airplane I'm like
yeah but you're Dan Harmon don't you want to read why Rick and Morty sucked in
season three like no I don't anything about anything that I was anything to
do with my name and my my sorry I shouldn't do all the talking I'm a bad
interviewer you I do actually want to know how you came up with Rick and
Morty you've made a grave error here you know God did well how we did because
you know the show you work on rips it off every week I want to say to you
though because as I was reading your Wikipedia page at the bar before the
show I'm like I want I bet this person doesn't look at her Wikipedia page
because I bet she's very healthy and I bet she deserves to know this is an
immaculate Wikipedia page oh you it it like just when you think what a nice
person what a good solid person right at the end it's like it's like no right at
the end it's like oh by the way huge LGBTQ fucking like benefactor and it's
like like snow in the camera like like like like didn't ask for it didn't come
hat in hand you're just like oh yeah by the way gay people do like fucking nailed
it that's true yes you did a one-woman show about where you're like you know
bearing all and being honest about this this very I would say strange career
you've had yes so let's talk about that now for Brandon you're okay you got a
drink settle in let's go some of the striking stuff that I that about your
early career is this is the alienation because you didn't you you I you express
to interviewers in the past about coming out here and let's set the stage it's
like what 80 when do you came out here in like 80s 86 early 86 and and and as
you described it and as someone described your description in Wikipedia it
was like on a half-promise of something which I think is everyone's story that
comes from somewhere to LA I'd gotten an LA agent had a New York agent I'd done
incredibly well in New York I had I'd been there for literally six weeks I had
auditioned for Mike Nichols who was directing a Tom Stopper play on Broadway
I got that job what that's that's crazy yeah hey I just I'm new in town before
you can put your suitcase down you're working with geniuses I was but the
funny thing was is that I didn't know the part I was auditioning for was
actually to understudy Cynthia Nixon I thought it was to play Jeremy Irons'
daughter but it was in fact to understudy to the Nixon who was playing Jeremy
Irons' daughter and I was like fuck that fuck that noise I am not doing that and
my agent was like who are you and also to be clear you are already East Coast
like who comes to the West Coast to do a Tom Stopper play with my no no that was
in New York okay so this is still wait so where were you what did you come out
I remember wait wait don't tell me it was Paris I was born in Paris because my
father was a foreign correspondent and so my and he was actually in Poland when
my mother was pregnant with me and he was my mother I have an older brother
who was born in London and she was in Poland when she was pregnant with him
as well and the Polish doctors said to my mother you don't you don't speak the
language very well and if something goes wrong we probably can't accommodate you
as well as we you can in a Western country so go somewhere else so she went
to London for my brother that was 1963 she went to Paris for me that was 1964
and people think by the way that the phrase Polish medicine is racist it's
totally how they practice they're just like hey you don't talk great get out of
here we can't you don't understand us please go and she had an aunt and uncle
summering in Paris so she went there so you so now it says French-born American
actress which makes me sound like you know like I'm Juliet Benoche but it's
nothing like that it's not at all like that it's so overstated and you described
like being teased for your voice yeah yeah by friends and family alike it's I
think your quote was it's basically been the same since I was six yes there it
just didn't change like to what extent was that I mean what was that really like
did you have moments of like whatever the vocal equivalent of looking in a
mirror was and like wishing like like like like what's the vocal equivalent of
patting the bra what's the vocal equivalent of like god damn it changed
my voice or were you like fuck this I can't be ashamed of this I think I think
I just didn't really excuse me I didn't really think that there was anything that
would stop me from ruling the world I just but I also didn't think that I my
voice would ever be my fortune so voiceover was never on the menu in terms
of how I was going to rule the world so when people say when you got the
Simpsons that must have been fantastic I was like I don't really care about
voiceover it just I didn't like it just didn't even register and didn't
register for a really long time because I think I it just it had never I never
considered it an asset and I so I didn't have a voiceover agent it just was like
that's not how it's good that's not how I'm gonna win so whatever nobody ever
came up to you said you should be in voiceover with a no really what do you
attribute this like the negative word would be narcissism although I don't
call it negative like the idea that you're assuming like that your parents
weren't actors they weren't directors they weren't I think your dad was a
correspondent or yes he was a newspaper man and like these people weren't telling
you oh Yardley you got to be an actor no but you're thinking your head one way
or another I'm gonna dominate yes what do you ever have you thought does that
come from nature or nurture is what we all want to know what the fuck is wrong
with you no are you kidding we want to know how do I how do I manufacture this
do I have to be born right or do I have to just think it and fucking do it it's
a good question I don't remember a time well I think there it's two sides of
the same coin so I remember being afraid of everything and so it wasn't that I
was fearless it was that I had this overabundance of courage and if I did
insurmountable in the face of extraordinary insecurity yeah because
you're not gonna you're not gonna punch somebody no and I was small I mean I
was just I was a little kid and I had this tiny tiny voice and and I and yet
I had if there was a ferocity to me and so but I also and I always felt a little
bit like I didn't belong and I remember being about five years old and there was
a woman in my neighborhood in Washington DC where I grew up and she used to
have this theater in the summers she had a one-car garage and she would get all
the kids together and and she would make us lip-sync to musicals like the
Sound of Music and Fiddler on the Roof and she would dress us up and she would
also do these things like living portraits right and so I was a portrait
of Mary that Mary Cassatt did this American artist and I was this it was
little girl in straw hat so music was playing I remember my knees were knocking
and there was a curtain and the curtain drew back and as soon as the light hit
me my knees stopped knocking and I thought like oh okay I think I'll be
alright here and and I just sort of I think I just felt like I belong and
then after that I started to do plays and the great thing about doing a play
was even if it had a sad ending I knew how it ended and I could prepare for it
it was like predicting the future yeah and so that and managing your
relationship with yes other people and it can either be your tormentor yes they
can sit the fuck down and watch you you knew it was gonna happen and did you
have the same because I did theaters a kid and stuff and I've always felt very
comfortable in theater did you did you get the same comfort backstage with the
cast and the you know the crew and all that did you get the same kind of there's
that is that kind of familial very yes and I loved the relationship with the
audience that exchange of energy was was extraordinary and it was really
powerful and I remember my first play in my first like real play we did I
remember mama and I played the youngest daughter and my very first line I got
this huge laugh and I remember how powerful that was and I just thought all
right do you remember it changing the dynamic in your social structure was
there a moment when you were because I remember being a dork and stinky and
boy did that change but but there was there was a certain there was a shift I
don't I don't have a dramatic moment of it but I was very much not gonna stop
doing drama club and improv classes because of do you remember did it change
the dynamic of your whole world did you go up on stage and do a thing and then
the next day at school because I'm trying to place you in like a hallway or
something yes you know I my theory is my experience was for the most part people
were really happy and excited that I had clearly sort of I'd done really well and
for lack of a better word I had sort of cast a spell to the extent that even
their own parents had come up and been like what that was amazing right but
also there were always kids who were not happy for you and I feel like any time
as a young person and even as a grown-up I suppose but particularly hard when
you're a kid you do something really well it sets you sets you apart from your
peer group so if you're good at math or sports or drama or anything it sets you
apart and that can be really isolating and actually I and so I don't know if
I'm reading into this but it it sets you apart actually more profoundly from the
people that were might have been closer to you had you stayed in your shell
sure then it does the quarterback of the football team and the head cheerleader
who are who are very content to go hey how about that yardly I had no problem
with her before totally ignored her now very happy to give her the high school
equivalent of best supporting actor like they become your biggest fan right they
can they can comfortably make that shift and somebody that maybe you bonded
with in the bathroom and cried with about how hard it feels to be alienated
that may become a person that you actually hurt they they can feel left
behind even though you had no intention of leaving them behind you only got an
intention of dominating the world you got no time to think about come be in my
world okay so let me dominate you I am a kind ruler I am a good kind ruler are
you are you really we don't know this yet we get we'll fast forward in a second
to like I mean but but I do want to dwell here for a second and just ask like
what was the dynamic with the family because they weren't actors they weren't
filmmakers they weren't did they have expectations of you were you letting them
down when they suddenly realized that I want to perform I don't know that I well
I think I think they were probably a bit worried that you were gonna live at home
for a longer time than a doctor forever that it might not work out the way I
had planned because they didn't really have a plan what's your plan Yardley I'm
just gonna I'm gonna rule the world that's great the medical industry like
laid it out in a brochure exactly your daughter will in six years be a
registered blue baby blue right there there was no you know how are you gonna
get there but you know in our family I feel like compliments were implied
excellence was expected because it's a fucking beautiful way of describing the
Midwest I was like wow I wish I could be that gracious let it going like me
fucking beard suck bro compliments are implied yeah it was just you know there
wasn't it wasn't well I would say other kind of person needs a compliment the
answer is someone who doesn't deserve one that's the Midwestern philosophy you
don't you don't plug an air hose into a person with a hole in their air supply
it's not healthy yeah it was um it which is I think part of the you know the flip
side of the coin and part of the insecurity of wanting to sort of get a
kind of global love global recognition excuse me to make up for this kind of
for this hole and I have spoken people say like oh Yardley you know I joke
sometimes like if I was more like this I would be more successful and they're
like shut the fuck up you're so you are so successful and how can you say that
and there is this feeling inside if you really really want to get granular about
it that if I if I felt truly successful then this this kind of forever hole
inside would feel filled but the truth of the matter is is that you can't fill
up the inside from the outside and that's what my one-woman show was about
she's talking to black woman shit tonight very impressive I think it's
important to note here for cynics and things because I mean I think the when
you take a deep dive and you really bother to think about it and the Simpsons
which has been on the air longer than the Bible it and we'll go I mean well
obviously it's like we should talk about like those first moments of
auditioning and things but like I it's it's important to note that like
everybody who knows anything about that show and why it's successful why you
have an Emmy which you I saw on the internet you you don't believe is real
I do now but it didn't closet for nine years but like it that that show in
general every performer on that show I kind of collectively everybody that
worked on that show I mean it was it was an animated show that it I think your
your your portrayal like a it exemplifies the fact like there's a
lot of quotes from grain egg and from editors and directors casting directors
friends of yours and things that are kind of like yeah she didn't like it who
knows flukeity fluke who knows how you end up being the voice of a cartoon but
like the important thing about that cartoon and the reason why it's now in
its 60th season is because of this weird blend of grounded dramatic
performance and cartoonishly accessible voices I got I mean you're being drawn
and so it's like yeah so I just wanted to take that detour for a second in case
anybody like in the audience is like listening to our our path through your
career and going like what the fuck man whatever you show up for an audition you
got a squeaky voice you end up like the voice of a thing it's like no this is
not like this there are there are no flukes here and in fact what you're
describing is actually kind of like something that you're not allowed to own
as a person which is this what if of like yeah but what if I mean I was
designed for world domination and I fucking dominated it through the most
random channel what if what if that channel hadn't been there I might have
been a senator I might have been I don't know like like and I won't put you on
the spot with that but I just wanted to drunkenly disrupt everything
early Dan and I were friends with Sam Simon and I was talking about the early
days of that and he was talking about how he didn't like the way it changed
after so many seasons and you know because he's Sam and he you know he left
after what two seasons or something like that three or four I guess but he was
talking about it and I remember him saying that like going down the list of
the cast of characters what Bart is what Homer is what Marge is and he said Lisa
is the conscience of the show yes and that's why Lisa is the one that makes
you cry yeah yeah that's great well these amazing episodes the Homer's
crayon one I mean I'm I'm not gonna pretend I've watched all 700,000
episodes of The Simpsons but I I mean the I understand why your performance got
a voice over Emmy I died you you said you accept it now you definitely need to
accept it I'm taking my two Emmys I got one for writing the Oscars that's
cheating it's the most watched thing and ever of course you got an Emmy you
wrote the Oscars that's right bitch and now I got a statue that says I'm
talented so now I am you however earned it so so let's I mean so you go to New
York you do the Mike Nichols thing there's a I think one of your first jobs
is maximum overdrive I like you you said something amazing about it in your
Wikipedia page good don't don't sustain your applause like you had a quote in
the quote trickled down to your Wikipedia which is those exactly what those
people are thinking which was something like truly dreadful movie but a
fantastic role it was it was a bomb when it came out I've been in several of
those but the great thing about the early 80s so I think I so I also did a
movie called the legend of Billy Jean right yes Queen I think the kids say
now yes that's what they say so I my first movie was a movie called heaven
help us that was in 1984 would know what heaven help us everybody was in that
movie Andrew McCarthy Patrick Dempsey Kevin Dillon Mary Stuart Masterson
okay but what was Donald Sutherland what was the plot it was about a Catholic
boys school in the 1960s it was sort of about it originally it was actually a
quite serious script about the corporal punishment that goes on in a boys school
in Catholic boys school in the 60s and then by the time they were done with it
it was more like porkies goes to Catholic school I know I've seen this for
sure so that wasn't and it was directed by Michael dinner who then went on to
make a dinner sorry just a fun name
he went on to create the wonder you can call him Ray I actively sabotage
myself as a podcast like it's a great episode you're on it keep talking
please I'm so sorry no it's fine it's all good so so after that I did the
legend of Billy Jean Helen Slater was yes and Christian Slater not related
although they play brother and sister so weird I know it's super weird they look
kind of alike because they both you know they dyed his hair blonde and but any
who not related and that movie was such a bomb was barely out long enough to run
the end credits but what was great was was 1985 and cable television had just
come on the scene and they didn't have anything so they ran that fucking thing
ad nauseam I was 24-7 and it is now this huge cult classic which I was just
gonna say like same as a drive oh but they then the same and when the WGA
negotiates with the PGA the the professional professional golfers
association like they talk about these windows and things like and it's like it
all has to do with like when we were kids and I was like why do I think up the
creek was such a classic well because you saw it 75 thousand times I watched
crawl for like two years that was all that was the only thing that was on but
that's also like the original Star Trek series yes similar paradigm like they
didn't they got canceled right out of the gate yes and then it was just such a
success in syndication it's like I think that's always a TV writer producers
like you you early on you have that conflict where you see your numbers or
whatever someone tells you you failed on Thursday night you fucked up you didn't
do good what do you mean it into good well the hammer you hit the things slid
up and it didn't hit the bell that says you're a muscle man and which means
retaining the offices numbers by 90% or higher and you're like I always I mean I
it was it was such a late motif back then where it was like oh give me a break if
you just mark at the show better or give us a better time slot these people only
like what you tell them to kind of catch yourself in that moment going like
wait what do I believe in at all right I do do I believe in like making a thing
this is what this is not what this interview should be about let's let's
let's go back to the legend of Billie Jean which is a fantastic fucking movie
that is inspired so many no it's terrible it's awful and so is Goonies and
suddenly like there's so many fucking movies that people think are good they
just fucking suck but what is it what is a good movies job it's to be there but
I okay it's to be there when you're going through puberty you're just like
drinking up and you're like I'm coming looking at talking trucks transformers are amazing
fair enough I mean people really did for whatever reason it was it was a movie
that people really loved and I get recognized for it about once a week
Billie Jean legend and maximum overdrive but mostly I think because I look
exactly the same I am one of those people if you saw a picture of me when I
was four you'd go hardly that's you you are super memorable and I sound the same
yeah pretty much and this is me and this is Lisa Simpson she raises her voice
a little bit sorry one thing about that though because that's important
because one one very sage thing that you said I don't know when you learned it
when you look back here I think around that time you said so much better tip to
have a tiny role in a in a giant movie than to wait for the lead role in
something that yeah like like like it's you can occupy that real estate by being
yourself not yourself you're not those characters but being check you know is I
mean it is there is that old saying you know it's not the size of the role it is
it's this size and skill of the actor right but I do believe that for the most
part with very few exceptions you can do a lot with not very much on the page
right and so I was pretty much game for anything I have to ask like so because
your director on maximum overdrive was literally Stephen King yes who was
coming off of I believe as legend have it has it he's like he hated Kubrick's
the shining yeah he's like god damn it what a shitty version of the shining if
I Stephen King who wrote all these books if they just let me run the camera I'd
give them what for yeah I'm not I mean I he's a fucking hero and I don't mean to
piss but but like I I also watching that movie you're like well Kubrick also is
an important person maybe it's an honor that you know maximum overdrive also was
a 12-page short story it's just like I mean age 11 I was born in Maine I'm gonna
die there I fucking have in the time of my life and my typewriter lost its
backspace key amen amen sorry I'm a little jealous but but but how was he
as a director on set like as a person like as a supporter he was lovely as pie
as a person but apparently was also at the height of his alcoholism and drug
addiction I love him so much oh my god so it was absolute chaos and we had so
Dina De Laurentis was the was the production company so we had a pretty
much all Italian crew who literally didn't speak English so we had Stephen
who doesn't speak Italian and we had a translator I'm not even kidding we must
have added I don't know two weeks in translation alone as he would say this
is what I'd like to do in the translator labor to Italians the Italians would
let him talk to the guy and the guy would then talk to Steve I'm like oh my
fucking god and it just went on back and forth like that and he you know to his
enormous credit he was very humble and said I I don't know what I'm doing and
so they positioned people around him who did know what they were doing but they
also didn't speak the language so it was quite cumbersome and Dino De Laurentis
you know it was at the time when we and Canon films also was of the same sort of
ilk where they just did everything on the cheap and when the you know the the
tail hit five million that was the budget all right the truck put the people
out calling AC DC yes done thanks for coming so it was an adventure and I
actually remember there's a scene where the truck drives through the diner side
wall the window picture window they had one opportunity to do that they built
that truck stop and they they didn't have a stunt double for me and they said
Yardley you're gonna stand there and the car this Cadillac is gonna drive through
the wall don't worry it's gonna go super slow and it's gonna be so easy and safe
and don't move until we tell you because we only have one shot at this and I'm
like okay so you know I'm like okay so I do that and I'm not kidding you that
fucking thing was going like 20 miles an hour it went so fast and it just plows
through this wall and I am and finally I'm just like why don't you put someone in
a way the shot is from behind me or it's no good or it's a shot of a car coming
toward me shoot the fucking car I had so much hair you can't even see my face so
yeah glass everywhere in my hair the whole thing yeah it was an adventure
was it a CDC who made who was it did they write that for the movie or is that
one of their songs I was hoping you'd know I don't know I bet you I bet they
wrote it for the movie I'm sure they would I'm always so curious about that
when there's like an 80s movie and it's like goblin dicks nine there's like a
kind of a pseudo famous like band but it's like but this title of the song
isn't goblin dicks it's like like my heart's like a goblin and you're kind of
like are you just being classy or did they like how does this conversation
with all the nightmare and elm street docking like good yeah well nightmare
on elm street franchise I is has sucked in some of our world's greatest talent
will smith will never escape like like the fat boys were got got drawn in do
you know they wrote the they wrote the ghostbusters theme song before the movie
the fat boys really Ray Parker Jr. Oh wait they had the ghostbusters song and
then they were like we got to write a movie around this song
is that true I don't know what your joke is I'm too drunk to follow your joke I
just wanted to be included sorry so I told her Ray Parker Jr. lie by the way
Brandon's been been a voice on the Simpsons for the last 35 years we wanted
to find out if you knew I'm a stand-in for Hibbert who does dr. Hibbert who
is the Harry that's the Harry Shira yes I take it this is a unexpected
pregnancy characters fantastic that's such a when I moved to LA we would watch
it and sit occasion with God damn you don't get funnier than this this is
crazy when you guys all right when you were doing the start of on the Tracy
Almond show yes and you guys do the little kind of in and out of commercials
and stuff like that when you were doing that like how serious to that obviously
you could have no idea what the future would be hold would hold for that show
but I what was that like doing those little those little bits it was I
remember so I got the job because I had done a play at the Fountain Theater here
in LA that I think literally 17 people saw but one of those people a year later
would cast the Simpsons on the Tracy Almond show so when people ask me how
do I get into voiceover I'm like you're it's like asking me to solve your
calculus program you know problem with an abacus I don't know because it I did
it so it just was so odd for me it just didn't happen the way it usually happens
so I went in to read and I originally read for Bart but that really lasted
mere seconds and then and Nancy was there that day as well and she read for
Lisa but she always wanted to read for Bart and she she did voiceover already
like she was already an expert she was already doing cartoons and so I then
read for Lisa had you not done a cartoon before oh no yeah no I again like
voiceover I was like who I don't I don't care about voiceover but I was not an
actor who ever said no to an audition so I you know I was like alright fine I'll
go as long as it doesn't get in my way of world domination I'm good let's do this
because it's a choice gig if you can do it there's no coming your pajamas you can
like right but you know that thing people people do ask me that they're like
do you gotta work in your pajamas like do you oh sorry well I do I but I got
fired shortly after I did I did eventually the minute I thought it was
possible I started doing it and then I got fired you know it it poses it raises
more questions than it's a good point it's a very good point how close to to
Lisa as we know it was your audition was it I think actually I I sounded more
like myself in the beginning and then as as the characters got cuter as the
animation got cuter her voice got a little bit cuter you know it got it
morphed a little bit but not that much and what's interesting and a little bit
sad and I'll let you in on a on a heartbreak a little bit so they finally
finally I I I stumped for one of our phenomenal actresses Tress McNeil who
does Crazy Cat Lady and Mrs. Skinner and Cookie Kwan and like any number of this
she doesn't she's not doesn't do one of the family members but she does any
number of the cast in Springfield and she does Shauna the the girlfriend of one
of the bullies who talks like this you know she's this valley girl and so
Tress wasn't at the read-through one day and I they said hardly why don't you do
it so I said oh great I'll do it so it was really strong and they really loved
it so the next couple of weeks they wrote a valley girl kind of friend for
Lisa Simpson and the problem was is that if you ask me to do another character
who's the same age as Lisa Simpson I don't have the ability to make the voice
different enough to make it not sound like Lisa Simpson the difference in
doing Lisa Simpson and Shauna is that Shauna is like 16 so that worked and so
we recorded it and then I got an email from the producer saying I'm sorry
hardly it's not different enough we're cutting it I'm like fuck dude I mean it's
terrible so I really am a one-trick pony there you go who's the rangiest Harry
probably or oh I don't know Hank Dan and Harry I would say all three of them
really neck and neck to watch those guys go from voice to voice to voice it
never gets old like we me so Hank lives in New York Harry lives all over the
world so Dan Julie me and Nancy all record all together and Tress is there
often as well and to watch those guys go all of them do multiple voices and I
just I stand between them I stand between Nancy and Dan oh is that true yeah
and never gets old you guys all you if you're doing a scene you're all
physically in the room like an old radio play even if even if Harry or
whoever is out yeah he'll actually somebody will tempt for him and then
he'll do his stuff on his own but I've always wondered are you physically in
the room together is it all just wild stuff alone no we're all together in
the room that's gotta be important that's gotta make it gives it a really
different texture I mean because obviously the way you say something is
going to inform the way I answer and I think you know Jim Brooks James L. Brooks
our executive producer he comes from sitcoms and so when we first started
doing the bumpers as you were asking I think he was like I don't know why this
would be any different it doesn't matter to me that nobody can see you it's
still a conversation of course you'll all be together right and so while most
cartoons do do it separately like when we did that crossover with Family Guy I
went and did all my stuff by myself I didn't meet Mila Kunis even though my
scenes were with Meg I just they did all my stuff wild with which I can do of
course I know the character well enough you thought maybe when you're watching it
like it's not as fun you know I'd much rather do my stuff with the person I never
would have thought to ask you that question that's how much I would have
assumed yes I think everybody does I would have thought I've been high I
would be high-roading you to be like well you guys aren't in the room together
it's it's it's exciting to me that that's how they do it after all this year
all these years it's still that way yes because it's pretty yeah from a
production standpoint it is needlessly extravagant you're talking about actors
schedules it's much easier to treat human beings like cattle shuffle them in
one at a time isolate all of them way less chance of anything uncontrollable
happening it's the way I just feel like you know it's my job and so you own me
so all right I'll show up but the way we did anomalies the way we did the
obids uncontrollable Christmas because we were doing like special things we were
absolutely like nope soundstage entire cast everyone's like well this is gonna
be terribly problematic if this person interrupts that person over like yeah but
I so I I think that's tremendously commendable I I wasn't I was a Simpson I
had a little part I did a little cameo and I went into the place where you guys
record and I saw multiple microphones we do we do you know sadly our guest stars
don't usually come and record with us mostly because their schedules don't
permit it it would have made me puke blood I would have been able to hand I
was it was just perfect I think I think it's that's the way you want to thank
you for coming and not true treat you like the most important person you don't
want to I know I'm telling you it's true the customer is always right I did not
want to be there with you I would have freaked out no I don't know okay so like
a banana peels and stoplights you end up in the longest running sitcom in
television fucking history yes along the way also though in the 90s like like
you like like like Herman's head what else was there don't hold your Herman's
head applause were you were you I was a devotee of Herman's head however I'm
also an alcoholic so I can't remember if you were actually inside Herman's head
or not no I was in the office you were the you were the the boof to Herman's
Teen Wolf you were that you were the boof well okay that's my language for you
were the best friend yeah you were the the will they won't they I was yes in a
long term the Winnie Cooper the are not the Winnie Cooper it was so dumb I was
like yes it was like like like like like we were supposed to if that show
lasted more than eight episodes we were supposed to I think eventually be like
go to her right and then he did right I so Louie my character's name was Louise
she was really great fun and I was this sort of breakout character and they
wrote so I was like got some in each show I got always a really good funny joke
which I very much enjoyed and but then for some peculiar reason which didn't
actually make sense to me and no slag on virgins but they made my character a
virgin and I was like but why what is what like why what's the point what's
your point any who they did it and then they decided that she would lose her
virginity to Herman and so she did that thus thus justifying the changing the
meaning of the title entirely you know there was a porn video that came out
called Herman's other head oh my god yeah there was a community porno no
wait the community porno I was so disappointed with initially because it
was like unreleased and he came around but that's when I realized it was like
of course the community porno should be this like like disaster it's it's
perfect this way it's like these guys are misfits at a community college it's
good that Abbot's being played by that guy
anyways but but well maybe to backtrack just for a second I because I am
curious because what was all the the the respect that you are paid by the people
that have worked with you it does include the idea that when you're doing
Lisa which you've done for multiple decades now that there's a there might
be a little bit of curation there which you know guys like me might bristle at
the idea of like what the actor got a script and looked at it and said no she
wouldn't say that like how often does that really happen it doesn't happen
very often they but I will say when when on the very rare occasion that the
writers they are there write something that I don't think Lisa Simpson would
say or they write they write somebody being really mean to Lisa and she
doesn't have a response to that then I will always fight that fight I have to
stick up for my girl and I might not win it but I have to fight it
it's a and it's important to I think it's important for it's like in those
moments what phraseology would you use because I don't think she would say
that you strike a balance between like I think that this is kind of a cultural
hot button like in the workplace to be like I think things should be different
around here some of the most conscientious people might be terrified of
making too many waves like if I'm if I'm a cool person then I'm not gonna be one
of those people etc etc like I think it's a it's an ongoing thing of like is
there a certain parlance especially with actors like is there a is there a
magical way to present your your difference of opinion with the material
you're reading and you're about to shoot that in a world where actors other
actors younger actors might say are you fucking kidding me yeah you can be as
conscientious as you want but it's fucking either be eaten out here I'm
gonna do whatever or even more extreme like I'm not taking that job because
from the get-go it's these things like do you have any advice about that for
like when you're you're adjusting to a role that you're already cast in I well
it's a dumb question it's a stupid question it's not a stupid question you
know I I always so it's a smart question so I'm like a good interviewer I'm not
maybe I'm not sure I understand the question I guess I'm kind of like I it's
it's it's actually a sequel to a question that I've asked Kumail Kumail
Nanjiani who's an old friend of the podcast that all these people miss fuck
off he's a person of color for instance like like it's like they're in this day
and age where it's like we're beyond the point of like the Hollywood shuffle
concept of like well you got to do what you got to do it's it's it's it's
everyone's trying to find their way and I'm all I'm endlessly curious about how
these dialogues are supposed to get struck up in a creative environment
where there's such a hierarchy established a hierarchy which I frankly
I'm not I'm not in a hurry to let go not because I'm an egomaniac but because I'm
a chaos a phobe and I don't necessarily want to just be like here's the
suggestion box let's have everybody start having an open dialogue and it like
I'm just curious on the on the actor side like if there's a if there's a kind
of code for an actor who's like 25 years old and they're on the set of their
fucking thing and they're like god damn it just get through this and don't get
fired but then they see something and let's say that they were like I don't
think either this character would say this or maybe in a larger sense this is
a little fucking iffy sketchy well I have a couple of things I mean always I
feel like you get more you get further with honey than with vinegar obviously
and so if you have the ability to be tactful that will always serve you I
don't think that you have to be I don't I don't think you have to pussy foot
around your point so much that you can't get your point across two things like if
you're an actor who is struggling with a line I always feel like I'm the sort of
person who will always give you a hundred percent so if I'm at this point if
I'm having trouble with a line then I'm like really trouble with a line like I
can't remember it then I'm gonna say it's possible that the line doesn't
actually make sense like there is a problem with the logic of the line so
are you willing and hopefully the person on the other side the director if
that's who the person that you're speaking to or the writer if that person
is also present is willing to have the conversation with you to say can you
tell me what's the overall intent of what we're trying to get across here
because maybe what you wrote is it actually what you mean and if we can
actually get to that then I bet you I can remember that line and that motherfucker
comes out so well everybody's happy that's what I think so yeah I mean like
it's yeah but find a positive way to say it which is like I want to help your
show be good I mean we're all on the same side we want the same win right and in
terms of Lisa Simpson if there is a line that really really bumps for me you
know I that's always pretty easy but but I I never I'm not I don't have no desire
to excoriate you and say this is the stupidest fucking thing I've ever seen
even if that's what I feel inside you nor would you I'm getting the
implication like because you said look at the end of the day I'm gonna do it like
you wouldn't probably wouldn't do a standoff which is all the more the fact
that a good actor just a good writer writes what they're hired to write a
good actor act what they're hired to act so we have this kind of Jedi code of
like I'm not gonna be a bad craftsman but then there's this like holy like
thing that should unite all of us where like if you in the commission of
writing this amazing thing and you wanting the best actor that like like we
could like connect and you could go look at the end of the day I'll say this
shitty-ass line I'm about to do it before I do you want to make it better I
mean that's the point did you have an energy about I think Humphrey Bogart I
think said like when you look at a line and a page that is just impossible to
say with a straight face like it's just such a bad line and you fought your
fight but this is just how it's gonna be because the director is so big or the
writer whatever and his thing was if a line is impossible to deliver well just
say it out loud don't give it don't give it anything just say it and it often
turns out to be great it can sometimes be a very memorable line he just says it
out loud that's how like half of the people yeah it's like okay like like
guess what you're charming and then they go god damn it I was trying to torpedo
that role I became Judge Reinhold the alright so like let now let's go to like
because I think we can so this incredible thing happens to you but in
tandem you're you're because you were doing Herman's head Simpsons is going on
yes so I'm not sure what the best organic way to get into there's there's two
places to go here they're both related I mean you're here because I'm a huge true
crime fan my fiancee and I listened to you and this like it's truly worth like
accolades I mean of all due respect to all of our guests that have true crime
podcasts and things I mean this is truly like a gourmet true crime experience
the so there's that but it's entwined with the fact that one of the most
impressive things about it is that in the midst of this getting down to the
nitty-gritty in this true crime show that you do so well that you're a
producer on not in your face way but just eventually you just you share your
story as a victim and so does Libby Zibi Zibi she's now twice a victim just
forgot her name we'll edit it the the it their harrowing tales it's insane it's
not a it so I don't know where to go because I want to talk about the nuts
and bolts of your podcast because I think it's so admirable and it's so
disconnected from this other thing that I'm really fascinated with you as a
human being an actor who has experienced crime I don't know what I'm
wiping it on you my indecision because I don't know I if we go down the true
crime podcast path I'm gonna have endless questions about how you produce
that show and stuff I just also want to talk to you about this this story that
you told and I don't want you to recount it because I truly believe I mean it
was but like people need to go listen to small-town dicks what's the episode
title stalked stalked where I mean you believe me regardless of whatever your
position in this cosmos might be it's a fascinating story there's no way it's
going to piss you off offend you trigger you it is just harrowing and
interesting I think the most interesting thing about it from my perspective
that is as a narcissist how you ended up in this situation where this person was
a guy who worked on our house and was like and he just started crossing
boundaries it was very quote-unquote organic and as I described on this
podcast before like there's a point where you describing the story and there's
this theme running under it which is the which has come up here in this
conversation which is about you you you've you've got to not accept anybody's
help you're not gonna go tell anybody right the police the guy that works on
Herman's head whose job is to keep people who work on Herman's head from
getting stalked right which is a huge expense shout out to the producers of
Herman's head for putting them the budget right I thought that would get a
bigger laugh but a lot of showrunners in the audience but the like like a you
choke up not at any point where I would expect any human being to choke up and
telling that story the exact point that you choke up when you're telling the
story is the point in the story where you go to get help because you are not to
put words in your mouth that's the point where you really get victimized it's not
the point where this orangutan is abusing you stalking you predating you
it's the point where you go to another orangutan and say I need you to keep
this guy like you hate yourself at that point I want the thing that is the most
important to talk about to me is that that's the dark side of this other
story that you're this plucky but I'm gonna dominate the world without
anyone's help right right because there is you know part of again that duality
that that insecurity underlying that this far from the surface is is this is
this fathoms deep well of vulnerability and this is what they're waiting for this
is six-year-old voice she's gonna is that like was that what's going on in the
back there oh everyone's gonna be so fucking stoked if I say oh it's it's
rough out here my contractor like feels creepy I'm sorry I'm okay I'm way off
mark like I was trying to I was like is the fear there that like you're like I
just was I you know in my family we don't you don't you know you don't air
your dirty laundry I was rubber a really waspy right white Anglo-Saxon
Protestant so you pull up your socks and you get on with it you just sort of
keep it all together and so you don't show your vulnerability and I and I am a
person of extremes I think in many ways and so when I set the bar high I said
it's so high that it's not like I said it high and I can stand on my toes and
touch it I gotta like get on a fucking trampoline and jump so high like whoa you
know it's just almost out of reach but when I touch it that is it's not even as
much an accomplishment it's there's just a sort of this tiny bit of relief which
is kind of fucked up there's very little celebration when you live with that
kind of vulnerability and you attach your and I don't do it so much anymore
thank God because it's a zero-sum game but when you attach your value to what
you do and to that external validation you're in big big trouble and so if you
then find yourself in a situation like that now you've painted yourself into a
corner and so when I break down in that episode there is realization that I
can't do it all myself that feels like extraordinary failure because now I have
to unzip and you get to see all my insides yeah and that was never the plan
and but and I tell me to back off because I'm clumsy and drunk but like I
want I'm so fascinated by the control hatch on that interaction at that moment
when you you're going to the to the man that said to you I'm paid for you to
tell me if anyone gets out of line and then you're it's the moment where you're
going to him and like I'm kind I just I'm I want to know like what is the beating
heart behind the the shame like like the idea that moment when you you go to him
and you say I got a I got an issue here and I need help like is there is there
language you can access about like so that we can mark it and go like if I
hear this in my head that's not worth dying for like like that where you were
what I got let me try to phrase this in a way that you can answer I'm setting you
up to fail the like what's what was your in your primal crazy head not you're not
crazy I mean you're I'm the crazy part of your prime what would be the worst if
no matter how not realistic what would be the nightmare response when you went
to someone and said I've been having this guy is basically stalking me it's
gotten way out of control and I'm overwhelmed and I need help what would
be the nightmare response from the other person it sort of was the nightmare
response when he said Yardley why didn't you tell me when he showed up at your
house and said my wife threw me out of the house right right like why didn't
you tell me weeks ago why didn't you as though you knew long ago why did you
wait so long it's very familiar to the kids you know you're it's sort of your
fault right you got yourself into this why didn't you know why were you
drinking exactly like you you you waited too long it's no surprise that you find
yourself in this situation and and you can't handle it on your own like all
the things that when you get to that point and you have to ask for help but
you realize okay I can't handle it on my own yes I probably waited too long no I
can't do it all myself yes it's okay to ask for help all of the things that in
my life I had just learned I'm never gonna hope I never have to go to those
things I hope I never have to tick those boxes and then I did and when you say it
out loud it's really no big deal by the way now I'm doing it again because I'm
like tell me just tell me about the point I'm like it but that that I get
that now like I it's like god damn it I was almost fucking home like how much
do I have to do to prove I'm strong and then and then it's like somebody's like
no I'm gonna fucking literally I'm gonna build a spider web in your attic and
like and you're like are you serious I have to like call customer service on
this I bought I went Linux for a reason I'm a fucking I it that's what I I don't
want to say that's what I thought I it's not so complicated you know but in
your in your head I think or if you're the sort of person who who spends a lot
of energy trying to make sure that nobody sees your vulnerability then the
moment that there is a crack in that facade it feels catastrophic and that I
think and it's it's not true because one thing is true about me then what if
everything is right everything could be untrue about me and so it's it's I don't
think anybody else feels that way about my vulnerability but in that moment you
it does feel like this massive failure because all your life you've been told
like don't ever let anybody see that well your friend you're really good
friend I assume she's a really good friend your co-host in the podcast with
her I think in general you guys are so good at interviewing she is like piping
in just the right amount she's probably heard the story a thousand times and
she's sort of like yeah but stop here for a second Yardley because she knows
people listening to the story want you to explain right just for a second are
you seriously putting up with this at this point and it's a it is a it's a
truly therapeutic exercise you guys please listen to the episode it's
incredible I is that the first episode is that no God no because they would never
trade in that it's no I think it's in the second season okay somewhere buried
in the middle there she also so at some point during this true crime podcast
this thing that's happened to you which which were kind of vaguely referring to
that began to happen or is it something that happened no long ago happened in
the early 90s so at some point in second season of your small-town dicks you
just just you started talking about that on the show we actually all of our
cases are told by the detectives who investigated them oh well except for two
episodes one incident that happened to Zibi where she was mugged and then that
was in season one and we did it because the detectives Dan and Dave we have two
identical twin detectives on the show who co-host with us talked about this
thing they call the goofy loop where you like a yeah so a cop will be like on a
traffic stop and be like get out of the car get out of the car get out and you're
already out of the car and they just keep telling you get out of the car get
out of the car and they're just sort of like so wound up and that's called the
goofy loop and so Zibi was then we were at lunch and she was talking about this
thing that happened to her and they're like you were in the goofy loop so we
did this episode where is the only one that wasn't actually told by detective
obviously and then so the next time in the second season and a season doesn't
actually correspond to a calendar year we just were actually only two years old
but we do about two seasons a year in the second season we did this episode
where I was stalked by this guy who'd worked on my house yeah and you had
another story before that too of a guy was leaving yes yes on my front door I
mean it's it's it's it reminds me of the story it was it Rebecca Schaefer yes
which is right around the same time you were I actually auditioned for that part
I went to the network for that role you kids yeah it's like there was this
young actress who she her murder kind of changed the landscape of stalking
rules here in our great state of California like where it was like all
right enough is enough this woman was absolutely stalked and murdered in like
plain sight like this guy just decided he wanted to kill her and there was no
way there were it changed it changed a lot of stuff and it's a it's a really
tragic story and it was happening at the exact same time when I'm just
morbidly curious was it happening at the exact same time in the in-sense they
were you had Rebecca been killed when you were enduring some when did she my
thing happened I think hers happened after mine because mine happened in like
93 or it happened around the same time roughly I'm so bad with dates I'm sorry
I don't know I measure things by Emmys after my third Emmy at 9-11 9-11 I
that's before 9-11 those after 9-11 so like my 37th birthday was halfway
between 9-11 and my second Emmy Dan you're not relatable I don't care I don't
need to be relatable I'm a living God I may also be super drunk so let's get
into the true crime of it I really think because it's like I guys I hear the
audience are like I hate true crime I hate your crime go ahead a lot of it
well they're just saying that because they love you and that's one of the
things like you you and your partner have like created the show so here's the
here's the reason why this is an amazing show so true crime what you might be
used to and I think this is a great art form is total amateurs in an arm chair
hanging out going like hey well here's what I think about JonBent Ramsey
that's fucking great and I live by it but you are also a fan of that art form
but you inexplicably have created a truly responsible and professional show
that I would truly recommend to anybody I would I wouldn't bother to preface it
by going do you love true crime because I'd be like you must love film noir or
you must love like just the idea of anything I mean I think it's the only
true crime show I've ever heard that I think cops could listen to next to
victims for instance we get a lot of messages emails reviews from cops saying
this is amazing thanks so much thanks for telling it from our point of view so
like I said all of our cases are told by the detectives who investigated them
and it started because I'm friends with Dan and Dave these identical twin
detectives and they are one investigated violent crimes and one
investigated sex crimes and child abuse and to just hear them talk about their
day was the most harrowing extraordinary mind-blowing like Tuesday is so much
more incredible than my any ever day like I imagine being interrogated in
stereo by twin detectives the first questions you asked them like to have
you guys ever done a dead ringer they actually have what's funny is when
because they live obviously in the same town so they have had criminals say fuck
you to one of them and like you don't mean you know you mean my brother me as
a criminal how do I know which is the good cop which is the better right these
guys though it is remarkable and also all of your guests but most like like these
two guys these anonymous detectives they it to put it in D&D terms these guys are
like I try I try to their paladins the paladin class is like it's not the one
everyone chooses I don't want to ride around in a suit of armor on a white
horse and like go and it already sounds like I'm trivializing it because the
more important thing is in the sort of dragnet archetypal sense god it's so
it I'm all over the place here's where I'm gonna start with this as an American
citizen I think my worst fear about cops including homicide detectives was
realized by Mark Furman like even from Wisconsin it was sort of like didn't we
all think that that's how it worked that and worse than thinking that this is
what detectives are it's actually more about this is what we think of the world
because we would assume I don't want to do that job and so if this guy does that
job and he's racist then maybe that job makes you racist and it toxifies
everything and and it's so different and from from to hear these guys who are
like I have no idea what they look like they're anonymous you guys keep their
identity secret which is adds to the charm they're there they you can't be
that by the book and that can did they they sit there with you guys and they
interview other detectives couldn't I just Google identical detectives
you could but we actually say in our opening while some of our listeners may
recognize some of these cases we hope that you'll join us in keeping their
identities secret to protect the victims and what they've been through and so are
all the cases that cases that these two have worked on themselves so they're
just giving their insight on cases that that no what sorry so we do cases that
Dan and Dave have investigated we also have guests from other small towns who
come and tell us cases that they have investigated and Dan and Dave because
they are they are of the brotherhood are there to comment and sort of weigh in as
well gotcha what's incredible is the is I mean you guys are so restrained but
then it's like it's like listening over the seasons you guys like learned
phrases and then yes two seasons later you're like wouldn't that be a quibble
dibbley that's a very good point but in this case in our district you're not
allowed to do a quibbley-dibbley okay fine just checking but it's more
importantly like it's Dan and Dave who are like it's like you could never get
cops to host a podcast right it would be a terrible podcast because they'd be
like hey I'm Dan I'm Dave we're hanging out I don't know I'm sure it'd be great
but you know what's interesting so originally the concept of the podcast
was Dan and Dave would just talk to each other over a glass of scotch which
would be fine and it wasn't fine because they were they first of all
sometimes you put a microphone in front of somebody and they sort of freeze up
and they don't know quite what to do and suddenly with scotch it got all a bit
slurry in about you know 40 minutes so that wasn't a podcast I won't tolerate
that and so that is a podcast killer yeah where's the professionalism so
anyways give me one second I have to go solve the crime of Jeff has to pee I
already know who done it and it it's me and it was in the master bedroom of my
pants continue please I'm sorry so then they said we need you and Zibi to ask us
questions wait wait sorry sorry sorry they they tried it by themselves yes well
we were there no we were all there Zibi and I because we we were like okay we'll
produce it and you guys you should have a podcast we should not be talking
correct because I'm the voice of Lisa Simpson it'll only fuck things up yes
and and then they like press record and they're like okay so yes what about that
perp yes and you guys are like okay how do I put anyway they were actually the
ones who were like this doesn't work of course because they're paladins they're
good guys they're wonderful guys they're great guys and I will say and to your
point about Mark Furman you know one of the things that I love about our
podcast and it's been a sort of unexpected treasure about it is that
while there is certainly a really worthy conversation about the really about
the horrible things happening in law enforcement in this country I would say
99% of them are actually trying to do their very best and if we have an
opportunity to shine a light on those people as well that's also part of the
conversation and these guys all say and the women that it's a calling it's not a
job and so you know I really they really really really are going the distance to
do it right and do it well and we have cases about we have a really fantastic
four-part series called the sociopath and the whistleblower about a bad cop who
was a bad cop for 10 years that's fucking credible rocked this town is Dan or
Dave isn't there the protagonist of that or no no that's a guy named Lieutenant
Scott who investigated that we did we have a great have you listen to the
interview so we have a another great two-part case called presumed guilty and
then that's in season two about two guys who were sent to prison for a crime they
ended up not committing and then we did an interview with one of those guys who
had been in prison for eight years this season but not on the phone right no he's
he said he's sitting with us thank God I mean I know people's lives are important
yeah the audio quality I know I know I feel God with the true crime with the
it's high so what you like to be the mother of Jeffrey timers 12th victim I
love it in the booth Zach is adjusting you right now like well maybe if you're
nice to the sound engineers you get better sound mother fucker it is such a
profound thing though to hear these guys and they all strike a similar silhouette
but they're some of them are so different there's like the guy who's like well I'm
the guy that shows up when there's an arson but also I like more about skin
burns but some of them are crass some of them are polite some of them are afraid
to be profane some of them are what what really comes across is that if any of
these guys in spite of how kind of maybe stoic the job demands that their
personalities be I am socially conditioned to believe that if a barrel
chested as I picture all of them a man with a notepad and a gun on his hip
that he's allowed to kill anyone he wants with that when that guy's being
stoic that he's hiding the fact that he's racist homophobic misogynistic that
he wishes that the filth in the street could blah blah blah it be rained out
and it it is so therapeutic to listen to just the simple dragnet reality these
guys often refer to dragnet moments because what they do is so clerical
they they move from address to address and they keep careful notes and their I
love the rule of law being the protagonist in these stories yes they're
very methodical and we actually always also try to get into the like who are
you as a person why do you do what you do and then how do you if you are the
person who goes toward all of the stuff that the rest of us run from where does
that live inside of you yeah always always ask because you're how do you do
it it's it's debugging I think I got from this guy that we call Asperger
detective on this show because he has a true crime podcast it's just him and a
microphone and his crazy brain like doing an awesome job of talking about
famous murder cases but he he really woke me up to like the healthy reason why
I think that maybe true crime is a fascination which is sort of a debugging
of of our experiment with being a society like because you've got a you've
got a couple different leads coming in you've got the cops that are showing up
you've got the victims that are showing up you've got the perpetrators that are
showing up and you're looking at it with your little ghostbusters lens and going
okay did which of these things went wrong and we tend to get drawn to the
famous things okay so let's all talk about JonBent Ramsey for a million
years because it's endlessly fascinating but your podcast is like there are a
million small towns in America all of them have big crimes constantly
happening in them and then all of them have a homicide detective who shows up
who is like this is like and you guys do a really good job you're good
interviewers I wish you were doing this podcast like it just like it takes the
effect of like this VR experience because these guys they're they're like
you're like so what happened first they're like okay so I got a call from
third and Lincoln and I saw the door a minute first thing I noticed doors got
water damage and it just goes from there so I mean I can't if you don't like it
you're a piece of shit even if even if you hate crime or love it I don't know
what kind it really is a good podcast thank you how did you produce it are you
part of a network I'm not no actually we do it we're a tiny team
Zibi and I edit on paper and then we pass it off to two editors who put it
into Pro Tools it's an incredibly edit heavy podcast because we're not dealing
with professional storytellers okay you guys aren't that amazing people like
and they're that thoughtful because that would be too intimidating because I was
gonna ask that what do you mean you guys are so he thought you were doing it in
one take you're not editing your your questions are so thoughtful and you're
never interrupting and being a big drunken idiot and you're just editing it all
out we actually have now learned to the thing about interrupting what's
interesting is we used to interrupt no we used to interrupt more let me stop
you right there this isn't this is a pro interrupting show that's right go
ahead and Dan and Dave said to us they pulled us aside literally and said when
these detectives are telling these stories it's often like they're
testifying on the stand and it's much better just to let them go and if you
have questions write them down and then come back to them afterward if there's a
natural break you can ask the question but it's it's less good to sort of try
to get one in it doesn't their brain it's just not like that I love hearing
that for several reasons one is that I love the idea that the the men and
women that we put in charge and nine binaries that you're welcome that we
that we put in charge of that really specific tier of law enforcement where
the crimes already happened now they got a the paper trail begins and they got to
find the perp I think they're called perps I love I love I'm so much more
comfortable with the idea of them being not natural performers I would really
like them to have Asperger's I would really like them to be like no I'm more
of a detail oriented they really are very detail aren't they're very organized
that way and they so yes to your point we're very edit heavy they you know we
it's just there's repetition you we my here's my thing the most important
minute is the next minute and so you don't want your audience to turn away
you don't want them to turn you off and go and do something else and so I really
have tremendous respect for our listeners and I want my podcast podcast to
be clean I mean if you don't listen to it now you're a piece of shit she just
said the most important minute is the next minute that means every minute
more important than the next fuck you people you don't get it I hope you
don't listen to it because it sounds like it'll make you better and you
deserve to be worse thanks for coming here I'm so sorry about the audience
there I think they're drunk frankly beefing with about people that don't
like people getting I don't know the ghost of my dad who isn't even dead
that's how drunk I am but you're just you're just imagining that people are
mad at you for loving crime called shame I I was just talking around functions
about this on his better podcast today because he was doing a better job of
interviewing me no no compare and despair don't do it compare and despair
yeah god damn it Brandon how are you doing I'm trying to tell you she she
dropped it you know you should listen how do we oh we should ask about
activist was one of the ways that you just I guess I do want to know yeah but
can I ask one quick yeah I'm being shrumped
tis an honor what's the coolest thing that your job has allowed you to be able
to do the the coolest thing that my job is has allowed me to do it has given me
freedom of choice and I really and I said that it's and now actually I I used
to always say that and I said that to Matt Salman who's one of our executive
producer writers the other day I know Matt and he's so funny and shut the fuck
up I was a Simpson and he said oh so you mean you have money and I'm like yes
money is a part of it but it is so much bigger than that and then so here's the
story about freedom of choice three years ago I broke my neck terrible choice
just be quiet for a second sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry it was funny though it
was funny it was funny it was funny not worth interrupting but it was funny
technically so it was a really really really bad break and I came within a
millimeter of being paralyzed from the neck down we can ask how it happened I
fell down a flight of stairs in a parking garage and I separated C5 and C6 and
stretched my spinal cord to within a millimeter of snapping so that would have
meant paralysis for probably my friend oh yes or death or death so we're a
superhero damn origin damn I'm trying to put a point okay okay okay it'll be
short all right so I want the show to be good so it took me a full year to
recover now I'm lucky cuz I have good health insurance but what I really had
was time and I had time because I have this amazing job and what I realized is
that even the thing that nobody has the thing that nobody it was time that I
could go to physical therapy five days a week and it wasn't about the money it
was that I could go because I didn't have to be anywhere else and so that is
about the freedom of choice and what I oh the other thing I always say is you
know if I have this extraordinary opportunity that this job has given me if
I don't have the wherewithal to do something with that then that's on me
then I'm the asshole so right that's the best thing yeah the idea of waking up
in the morning and knowing that the reason you're getting out of bed has is
somehow intersecting with you wanting to yes instead of having that fallback that
we're all too familiar with which is like well I got a quit smoking well I'm
a smoker but I got a quit smoking and you like fall into that trap of like okay
so I'm living in two totally different realities like I'm getting out of bed
because my alarm clock rung and I'm a dishwasher so I'm gonna go wash dishes
it's not it's absolutely not what I want to do that's how 99% of us live and we
call that work and we call that paying the rent and stuff and so that's 1% of
us have this privilege it's an enormous privilege to if you're gonna spend so
much of your time at work then hopefully it's something that you enjoy
because and hopefully you'd be able to like come down from that Mount Sinai and
be like hey everybody that had to wash dishes otherwise they'd lose their house
right I'm I'm I I get to jump out of bed in the morning knowing that I'm stoked
about what I do and I just want to let you know it's not that great it also
sucks fuck off and that would still be an uplifting message okay I didn't guys
didn't receive that I mean it doesn't have to be like oh I'm staying I love
doing what I love like I think it can be really simple you know what I I got a
million dollars for taking a shit on a paper plate I feel bad about myself I
think that can be really uplifting for poor people and then that second
question was about activism let's move on to that yeah what is what's the LGBTQ
activist stuff that you well Jeff it's it's part of the gay thing oh sorry you're
asking her okay my answer was gonna be stupid for a really long time I so when
California voted against gay marriage I was I had just actually produced a movie
that Dustin Lance Black had directed called Virginia that Jennifer Connelly
and Ed Harris had starred in and he introduced me to Chad Griffin who at the
time had just teamed up with Rob Reiner and they started the American
Foundation for Equal Rights to overturn Proposition 8 and they came to me and
said yardly we need to fight this fight and we need money and I said I'm in so
that was most sort of my first really really big push and I was one of the
major donors for that and then Chad got poached from once we did that the
American Foundation for Equal Rights went away and Chad got poached to the
human rights campaign and then I sort of followed him there and supported them
there and I actually was just honored there this last spring at their gala as
got the National Leadership Award for supporting the LGBTQ community wow now
there's something that there's another one of them I'm sure your hundred answers
for what your job is afforded you to be able to do is to become like a donor to
these things and a philanthropist yes you know I'm a quiet donor I actually I
don't I rarely I'm not a flashy donor I give quite generously but I never need
to be I don't never need my name and lights about that it's and it's funny
so when I had to give this speech about being recognized by the human rights
campaign I was I got a big laugh when I said so I've been agonizing for months
about how to thank you for thanking me properly for doing this I'm like thanks
because now I've not slept since Christmas I mean it was really I mean I
was incredibly gratified but I also felt like I really don't I don't need you to
I don't need it I'm good like they personally are always so gracious towards
me but they really really really wanted to do it publicly and so I recognized
that part of being gracious is allowing people to say thank you and so
they should give you that they should be like obviously they're not gonna just
never thank you and never want to honor you but they should have a like they
should come to you and say hey we're they're gonna throw you this big event
where you get to get up and agonize over a speech or we'll just you get to know
that we want to do that for you and you can flip that coin and go whichever way
you wish but they were not giving me that option I think it's important
actually whether you like it or not that they're the strategic benefit of
because someone like me who would do it for the wrong reasons is like hey I want
I want that I think it's important I think you would donate to these great
causes just I would have a little great causes for very wrong reasons no but I
I do think that I that that idea of deflecting compliments being like I
think that like if somebody's saying thank you and then how you react to that
it's like like your instinct being to be like almost like fuck you it's right
because you're because if if you did something nice for any other reason than
to be nice then that person that's actually thanking you is arguably an
enemy in your in your pineal gland you're like and then like I had to I had a
therapist had to explain to me like no it's part of it you have to telling you
that that they're happy that you and you part of it is you have to receive it so
get over it and receive it it's part of the deal I'm gonna help you are you good
like in a smaller way are you good are you good are you comfortable with small
like small compliments in general like I do do you accept them easily or is it
difficult to even accept little compliments let's test it let's test it
don't even answer what shut up Jeff you're a piece of shit thank you okay
he's pretty good I feel like I am whatever happens internally you know if
I'm and it really can be sort of day-to-day if I if I like I was almost
late today tonight because I couldn't get out of my closet because I changed
clothes like five times you chose well this butterfly dress is rocking thank
you and it's see she did it thank you we got it but you kind of took it you
kind of bowed your head I did you did part of you think in your head fuck you
this butter did no did you have to translate it to the second language of no I
don't think so I just but it's I'm you know I'm just sort of I'm a I'm a
complicated little critter in there sometimes I recognize now I like it's
compliments are fine I'm good with it I really am good I just honestly knew that
I I just really didn't need that big big recognition I was really okay with Chad
and Chris Sparen who runs the foundation under him they're always like I said so
personally gracious I was like that is so enough for me I'm good but they were
insistent so I there is specific turn of phrase and I'm not seeing this go blue
like because it's like I think I like like like so is there something that
someone can say like there's something that performers people that want
attention like did you hear something from them that made that through that
gear and you're like oh that's what I wanted to hear and I don't actually need
to hear it from 250 million people on Twitter I actually need to hear from two
people who are like running this charity drive that's a good question I don't know
there's a that's a dumb question don't even do you have one Dan that you want
to hear you know I think it's like it's fucking like you're a good person but
it's like if someone said that to me I'd be like well you're a liar and you're a
piece of shit never trust you I'm gonna hit you in the head I you know it's
funny I often joke that I I'm I work for biscuits and I'm sort of like a dog I
respond to biscuits so I do like to know that I did a good job I like that I
really do I work very hard I like to know that I set the bar high I touch the
bar and that you recognize that I'm glad you were here that's my thing thank you
oh no no no that's what I want to hear I'm saying it to you too I'm glad you
were here thank you that's what it is I'm happy to be here it's kind of cocky
that's a terrible ending I'm glad you guys are here let Yardley know you're
glad she was here I'm gonna say best guest ever I'd say so Brandon Johnson
Spencer Crittenden and I'm Jeff Davis your mayor is Dan Harmon thank you Yardley thank
you for everything that you're doing and thank you for making us so happy for
so long thank you all for coming drive fast take chances did you get any of
that